hi everyone
this is a video tutorial to show you how
to use our new bonus card this card is
included absolutely free with our law
master and dungeon guide update it
should appear in your add-on menu as a
new add-on when you install our God with
an installer so let's enter the game and
check it out macros are kind of an
advanced feature while and it can be
intimidating at first but it is actually
reasonably simple and some macros can
drastically improve your gaming
experience to begin type slash macro in
your chat bar and press enter the
default macro frame will appear and
notice there is an extra button and
window for macro Bank when you load the
add-on for the first time the macro Bank
selection will be blank and you will
first need to load a premade template by
clicking the option button and select
premade macros and click the load macro
button
you will instantly have access to a
complete pre-made macros inside the game
the macros are organized by class
categories and you can preview the
macros available directly inside the
game macro can do a variety of things
like casting - spells at a time special
targeting and automatically switch your
stunt and cast a spell and many more
there is usually a common on each macro
that will describe briefly what each
macro do so make sure you review them
carefully and experiment with them as we
have only included macros that we think
are essential to avoid cluttering the
comments are safe to delete but you can
actually leave them there and the macro
will work with the comments
adding the macro to your list is very
easy simply select the macro that you
would like and click the load and it
will automatically copy the pre-made
macro to your list of macros once you
copy the macro simply drag and drop a
macro to your action bar to use it just
like in the other school for example
this maker will allow me to cast mine
flat without cancelling it by accident
we have even added a general section for
cool macro that will work for whole
player such as a macro for summoning
random pets or selling your grave ender
trash item with one click this new
premade template it's something that
we're going to keep an eye on and update
frequently we have also added a new
section of forum dedicated to macros so
you can post your questions about macros
and how it works or you can even share
your own macro that you think deserve a
permanent spot now les okay I hope you
find this new guide useful this is
dougie and thank you for watching